# Week 6 Meeting - Planning

- **Date:** Wednesday, May 8
- **Time:** 4-5pm
- **Location:** CSE Building 3rd Floor

## Agenda

1. TA Meeting
2. Discuss API Usage
3. Discuss Branding, Color Palette
4. Team Distribution
5. Need someone in charge of ADRS
6. Begin repo folder organization
7. Start creating issues, create new template
8. Discuss Roadmap
9. Adjust roadmap

## To-Do

- [ ] Documentation Assignment due Sunday -- Gwen (will update ADRs every meeting)
- [ ] CI/CD Pipeline Assignment due Sunday -- Purich
- [ ] Set up CI/CD Workflow -- Purich
    - [ ] Update code-style.md and version-control.md documents in the repo
- [ ] Create documentation of detailed tasks for each team -- Kabir, Theo, Purich, Anshi (will work on after the Sunday Meeting)
- [ ] Update branding information in the repo -- Anshi
- [ ] Create Project Board with Issues -- Anshi
- [ ] **Front-End**
    - [ ] Create System Diagrams -- Jeremy
    - [ ] Organize folders in repo -- Anshi
    - [ ] Wireframing for Phones/Desktop -- Anshi, Vedant, Moss, Katie
- [ ] **Back-End**
    - [ ] Organize folders in repo -- Nam 
    - [ ] Plan schemas -- Nam,Teddy
    - [ ] Create Backend Issues -- Purich

## Meeting Notes

- **Type:** Finalizing Warm Up Exercise 
- **Attendance:**
  - ***Present:***
    1. Anshi
    2. Purich
    3. Kabir
    4. Jeremy
    5. Jeffrey
    6. Gwen
    7. Moss
    8. Nam
    9. Katie
  - ***Absent:***
    1. Vedant
    2. Theodore
- **Notes:**
  - TA Meeting
      - He said since we are doing a website we should do wireframing on (make sure to think about this when doing the responsive/css designs):
          - laptop
          - tablet
          - phone
          - etc.
      - Have an autosave feature
  - Discuss API Usage
      - Agreed can use
  - Discuss Branding, Color Palette, design decisions
      - White and black background, only folders colored
          - Users can select colors of folders, they start as blue
      - Could use gradients (grays)
      - Canvas style nav bar
          - On side/vertical
      - [https://coolors.co/palettes/trending](https://coolors.co/)
      - https://dribbble.com/
      - Use relative (not absolute) measurements for formatting
      - Want a logo (could just be used as favicon)
      - Need to redo colors on task list
  - Team Distribution
      - Teddy as backend representative (voted in :) even though he's not here-)
      - Kabir as frontend representative
      - Front-End Team:
          - Gwen
          - Kabir
          - Moss
          - Jeff
          - Katie
          - Anshi
          - Vedant
      - Back-End Team:
        - Purich
        - Teddy
        - Jeremy
        - Nam 
  - Need someone in charge of ADRS
      - Utilize APIs as first one
          - Context: This was originally placed as one of our "no-go" items, but after some consideration, we thought about changing this.
          - Decision: We can use APIs.
          - Consequence: This should make general implementation of our website more simple. 
      - Coloring of website 
          - Context: We all need to be on the same page regarding what we think the website should generally look like. 
          - Decision: We decided on main components being white and black (depending on light/dark mode) with colors for folders/tags (that users can select; starts with blue (#90E0EF)).
          - Consequence: This should make our planning/wireframing for design more straightforward. 
    - Repo Folder Organization
        - Context: It would be really easy for organization to go awry, and we should try to plan against that while we can.
        - Decision: Folders under `frontend` include `assets`, `sripts`, `html`, and `stylesheets`. Folders under `backend` include `data` and `scripting`.
        - Consequence: Hopefully this will supply better organization to our repository, instead of the possible descend into chaos. 
  - Being repo folder organization
      - will update the code style and version control files with all the rules
      - have seperate folders for frontend
          - assets
          - scripts
          - html
          - stylesheets
      - have seperate folders for backend
          - data
          - scripting
  - Start creating issues, create new template 
      - USE PROJECT BOARD TO DO CREATE ISSUES!!
      
      https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVKSW94aI=/

## Next Meeting

- **Date:** Sunday, May 12
- **Time:** 12-1pm
- **Location:** On Zoom
