# Week 6 Meeting - Pre-Sprint Planning

- **Date:** Sunday, May 12
- **Time:** 12-1pm
- **Location:** Zoom

## Agenda

1. Current Progress
2. Next Steps

## To-Do

- [x] Documentation Assignment due Sunday -- Gwen (will update ADRs every meeting)
- [ ] CI/CD Pipeline Assignment due Sunday -- Purich
- [ ] Set up CI/CD Workflow -- Purich
    - [ ] Update code-style.md and version-control.md documents in the repo
- [ ] Create documentation of detailed tasks for each team -- Kabir, Theo, Purich, Anshi (will work on after the Sunday Meeting)
- [ ] Update branding information in the repo -- Anshi
- [x] Create Project Board with Issues -- Anshi
- [ ] **Front-End**
    - [x] Create System Diagrams -- Jeremy
    - [ ] Organize folders in repo -- Anshi
    - [x] Wireframing for Phones/Desktop -- Anshiq, Vedant, Moss, Katie
- [ ] **Back-End**
    - [ ] Organize folders in repo -- Nam 
    - [ ] Plan schemas -- Nam, Teddy
    - [ ] Create Backend Issues -- Purich

## Meeting Notes

- **Type:** Finalizing Warm Up Exercise 
- **Attendance:**
  - ***Present:***
    1. Anshi
    2. Purich
    3. Katie
    4. Jeremy
    5. Moss
    6. Theodore
    7. Kabir
    8. Vedant
    9. Gwen
  - ***Absent:***
    1. Jeff
    2. Nam
- **Notes:**
    - Next Steps
        - Front end start on input forms
            - have minimum HTML done by next Sunday
        - Back end start on API route
        - MVP Done by Friday
        - Add to ADRs -- Gwen
            - Linting in GitHub Actions
            - Permissions to merge

## Next Meeting

- **Date:** Wednesday, May 15
- **Time:** 4-5pm
- **Location:** CSE Building