# Sprint 3 Standup Meeting Agenda

- **Date:** Wednesday, May 29
- **Time:** 4-5pm
- **Location:** CSE Building

## Agenda

1. TA Meeting
2. Discuss Team Progress

## To-Do

- [ ] Finish ALL of your assigned tasks by Sunday
- [ ] If you feel that you can't finish a task IMMEDIATELY message me or Anshi so we can assign new people or think reevaluate the priority of the task

## Meeting Notes

- **Type:** Meeting Week 9
- **Attendance:**
  - ***Present:***
    1. Anshi
    2. Purich
    3. Jeremy
    4. Gwen
    5. Kabir
    6. Moss
    7. Nam
    8. Jeff
    9. Theo
    10. Vedant
  - ***Absent:***
    1. Katie
- **Notes:**
  -  TA Meeting
        - Deadline for Akshay is WEDNESDAY
            - everything from UI to testing to documentation should be finished
        - UI needs to be improved 
            - it looks cluttered?
        - Notes should have some sort of hover feature because its not intuitive that you need to press on it 
            - an example could be using cursor: pointer, etc
        - Task list dark mode is not good since tasks are still white
            - I thought this was a design decision?
        - Fonts are not consistent
            - We don't have fonts? Not sure how it is not consistent
        - Too many branches 
            - This sunday, everything will be merged and all branches will be pruned
        - Asked about testing
            - I said we'll be done by Sunday and we are working on automated testing
        - Backend issues??
        - README is too barebones and other teamâ€™s have their filled out
        - Need to finish WIKI documentation
        - Basically we have a lot of work to do and we are behind

  - General
      - We need to focus on diagrams, will lose a lot of points for not including that
          - https://www.figma.com/prototyping/
          - @Vedant please find some people and work on this
      - Tasks won't be done today like last week, just shift focus to new tasks and get them consistently and quick

  - Frontend 
      - Work on redesigning page,make HI-FIS, and if we have time cater mid-fis to the changes
      - Start Wiki and README and make tutorial on how to navigate through the page, how to use the folder system, how to create an entry, how to use the labels, how to use the tasklist 
      - Have all tests done by Tuesday

  - Backend
      - Make ADRS for the ID folder changes, and how you came up with the solution to store the entries themselves in the arrays and not objects, start on the Wiki, Justify IndexedDB
      - Have all tests done by Tuesday

- **Decisions:** 
    - 

## Next Meeting

- **Date:** Sunday, June 2
- **Time:** TBD
- **Location:** Zoom
- **Goals:** Spint Review, finalizing